hi mom and anybody who accidentally
clicked on this video welcome to the
cooking shoe with codeine I day and i'm
your host Taylor Richards Cody what are
we doing today well the whole purpose
behind the show is just cooking great
meals with stuff you have at home some
you might not know how to make and today
really simple chicken parmesan it's easy
as pie to make sounds delicious let's
get rolling okay what do we got to do
first alright first I'm gonna have you
beat this meat okay I've heard about
this that's right not going blind right
now okay it will not make you blind okay
so you're just gonna hit it with the
hammer make it nice and flat get meat
tenderizer go no no other end okay good
job good job okay yeah and just you know
I'm not too hard but just flatten it out
really nice while he's doing that I'm
gonna cut up our our our state our basil
dog is cutting one teaspoon of basil and
one-half teaspoon of parsley it's all
going to go right into our fourth cup of
flour I Taylor that's good so he's
tenderize it so you want it nice and
thin way about as thin as your pinky
alright feeling know what I'm gonna have
you do is a toast with some bread we're
going to take that toast throw it in the
blender make some bread crumbs so just
lightly toast it while you do that I'm
gonna crack some medics you trade me all
right
yeah my press already done what's taking
you so no oh sorry mom we're just
gonna whisk the egg for the fourth try
to figure it out I am qualified to
operate this machinery good to know good
to know so we got our out good little
quadrants yeah you're just gonna rip it
into force really easy okay put this
much in there at once uh it should be
fun okay all right top the top yes I top
would be beneficial so is it more gooder
more better to set it Adam Hastur all
right that's fine but what we're gonna
do is we're just gonna blend it into
like small pieces all right no that's
done I take our Parmesan cheese we're
going to put in about an eighth of a cup
that up for me not too much yeah a
little bit more than that some are old
bread crumbs and then now we're going to
we're going to blend it up till it's
nice and its course we don't want it
fine just nice and course go ahead and
hit it brother help yes
Rosa
is good this is the proper way to do
this
call it
now when we have you now they poured
your bread crumbs into our flour parsley
and basil mix I'm just going to be stir
them around boys no problem all right
really you know what let me let me go
ahead and stare that oh yeah ok dad to
do this all right grab the chicken there
you go right in the egg make sure the
whole chicken discovered ok and who's
gonna throw right in there yeah throw
this gently place this is at least a
little bit more disgusting than I
thought it was going to be there you go
now flip it over I really want that
today there you got it ok you have the
dirty hands okay all right then you want
to make sure it's all nice and covered
ok so just keep flipping until it's nice
cover keep going there you go that's
that's good it's good yeah and pick it
up he's kind of tap off a little bit v
XS there you go right on our plate to an
ipad chicken oh but we're going to throw
this right into the fryer it's gonna get
golden brown look delicious awesome
right on all right so we got hot oil
here just enough for it to float in or
sink it
we just want a nice golden brown do we
flip it at all yes we're going to flip
it go when I go around on each side ok
so do I have to make a master can i do
it good you can do it good I don't have
tongs we present work for ok I'll do it
more gooder there you go sorry more
better it's almost there well I need it
now ok ok right now yeah you don't mind
salmonella to you know ok there we go
nice bull trout alright so let me put
our chicken onto our nice and clean
plate then we want to take some Parmesan
cheese because it is chicken parmesan
after all more Barbra Jean that's right
the cheesier the better just covered up
and then homemade marinara don't have to
use homemade you can use store-bought
but homemades company better ok so you
have a very narrow on right so we're
going to cover it with mozzarella and
even more parmesan crap because we want
this to be as cheesy as well so that's
good already
and more parmesan of our parmesan amen
we just throw it into our oven which is
already freaking it 350 degrees and
we'll have a meal you know no like
cooking shows they haven't made one
already in there right but we can cut
the time and in five minutes it'll look
like half a second right well cut the
time for them but I still don't have my
food well
alright so our chickens been in there
for about five minutes just about done
or it is done we're just going to give
it a little side of spaghetti oh god it
looks like a mess
we met up just a little bit want a
little bit of pesto cream sauce
okay so it looks really good so now it's
time to find out if it really is that's
your finished project let's find out DJ
okay look to you to the meat is tender
ah it's gonna be hot right out of the
oven hood don't burn yourselves at home
okay other than the intense heat what do
you think what the hell why is that
really good that's actually really nice
okay guys really good so it's good it's
good we have our DJ of approval yeah
and